Zoomer McKenna's in Hatton anything you
couldn't explain you're a wizard Harry
I'm a what dear mr. Potter we are
pleased to inform you that you have been
accepted a Hogwarts School of Witchcraft
and Wizardry in a few moments you will
pass through these doors and join your
classmate keep an eye on the staircases
they like to change
good afternoon cars welcome to your
first flying lesson stick your right
hand over the broom and say wow it's a
long bottom exactly where do you think
your bear do you really have to stop
why kid mr. Potter our new celebrity
first years should note that the dark
forest is strictly forbidden with no
magic to be used between the classes of
the corridors
Petrificus Totalus
the third-floor corridor is out of
bounds to everyone who does not wish to
suffer a most painful death understand
this sorry cuz it's very important not
all Wizards are good on gates bed before
either of you come up with another
clever idea to get us killed
was expelled she nice saw her priorities
I think it is clear that we can expect
great things from you
you